docs: update enterprise license description (#24473)
ultralytics/ultralytics: README.md

Ultralytics offers two licensing options to suit different needs:

- **AGPL-3.0 License**: This [OSI-approved](https://opensource.org/license/agpl-3.0) open-source license is perfect for students, researchers, and enthusiasts. It encourages open collaboration and knowledge sharing. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/ultralytics/ultralytics/blob/main/LICENSE) file for full details.

> - **Ultralytics Enterprise License**: Designed for development and production use, this license covers both building and deploying AI-powered applications. It enables seamless integration of Ultralytics software and AI models into live business products and services, including internal tools, automated workflows, and production deployments, bypassing the open-source requirements of AGPL-3.0. If your use case involves developing or deploying models in any production or business setting, please contact us via [Ultralytics Licensing](https://www.ultralytics.com/license).

Reviewer: 💡 **MEDIUM**: This wording overgeneralizes the trigger for the Enterprise License. Saying it is for "development and production use" and for "developing or deploying models in any production or business setting" can be read as requiring an enterprise license for all business-side development, even when a user could still comply under AGPL-3.0 by open-sourcing their work. Since this is licensing guidance, it would be safer to scope the requirement to proprietary/commercial use cases rather than development broadly.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
- **Ultralytics Enterprise License**: Designed for proprietary commercial development and production use, this license covers building and deploying AI-powered applications while allowing seamless integration of Ultralytics software and AI models into business products and services, including internal tools, automated workflows, and production deployments, without the open-source requirements of AGPL-3.0. If your use case involves proprietary commercial development or deployment, please contact us via [Ultralytics Licensing](https://www.ultralytics.com/license).
```
